OSDOCS-8955 (#70714)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rosa-create-an-identity-based-policy.adoc

. In the IAM console, select *Policies* from the left navigation menu.
. Click *Create policy*.
. Select the *JSON* tab to define the policy using JSON format.
. To get the IP addresses that you need to enter into the JSON policy document, run the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ ocm get /api/clusters_mgmt/v1/trusted_ip_addresses
----
+
[NOTE]
====
These IP addresses are not permanent and are subject to change. You must continuously review the API output and make the necessary updates in the JSON policy document.
====
+

> . Copy the output IP addresses and add all the IP addresses into the `"aws:SourceIp": []` array in your `policy_document.json`:

Reviewer: From my perspective, these two steps (7 and 8) are confusing because they both refer to editing the policy document. Are you copying them into the editor in step 7, or are you editing this somewhere else and then copying it into the editor in the next step? I'm also not sure where the editor is.

If you can just edit the document directly in one place, I would remove one of the "Copy..." steps in favor of adding a step that orients the user to the editor.

Author: Hello @ousleyp I have updated two steps( 7 and 8) to avoid confusion.  Could you please take a look? Thank you!

Cc @wanghaoran1988 @yuwang-RH @nalhadef

> . Copy the output IP addresses and add all the IP addresses into the `"aws:SourceIp": []` array in your `policy_document.json`:

Reviewer: I think you can simplify this phrasing:

```suggestion
. Copy and paste all of the IP addresses into the `"aws:SourceIp": []` array in your `policy_document.json` file:
```

> . Copy the output IP addresses and add all the IP addresses into the `"aws:SourceIp": []` array in your following JSON policy document:

Reviewer 2: Is it possible to add the file name after "policy document?"bThee's no identifiers that I can see in the review output.

Author: Hello @nalhadef . I have made the update as, "Copy the output IP addresses and add all the IP addresses into the `"aws:SourceIp": []` array in your `policy_document.json`:" and also updated Line 57. Let me know what do you think? Thanks!

Cc @wanghaoran1988 @yuwang-RH

            "Resource": "*",
            "Condition": {
                "NotIpAddress": {

>                     "aws:SourceIp": []

Reviewer: Suggestion: I think this would be a more usable example with at least one IP address value shown in the array instead of an empty array.

Author: I can add an IP address as an example. But, what if a user thinks that it is a mandatory IP address and they may eventually keep it and add the new addresses after it.

}
----
+

> . Copy and paste the `policy_document.json` with all the latest IP addresses into the editor.

Reviewer: The phrasing with "latest" seems potentially problematic from a localization perspective.

```suggestion
. Copy and paste the `policy_document.json` file contents, including the updated IP addresses, into the editor.
```

Author: Made the update.

Author: Please see my comment: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/70714#discussion_r1475702026
